We're very happy for Daniel.
He's going to be a blessing in his new assignment, but we're going to miss him.
And everything he was doing for the congregation.
This will change things for us.
We really want to be there for our brothers and sisters, and it's true having plenty to
do in the Lord's work is good.
But where will we get more help?
We do have good ministerial servants, like Ritchie, but after Daniel left, our older
body is one fewer now.
That prompted a good question.
Are we doing all we can to train our brothers?
Ritchie, do you have some time for me?
I have some calls you can help me with.
Sure, I'd like that.
He realized it had been a while since we talked about him qualifying to do more.
He explained he wanted to help, but didn't want to appear presumptuous.
He'd been praying about it, and he wanted to know what else he could do to keep reaching
out.
Talking to Ritchie made me think of Jesus' example.
His disciples offered themselves willingly, and he trained them.
They were eager, but needed his direction.
Jesus' training gave them confidence to do the assignments he gave them.
They were happy.
Not just to follow Jesus, but to work alongside him.
And Jesus was happy to share his work.
Up to his final evening with them, he prepared them for the work ahead.
Most truly I say to you, whoever exercises faith in me will also do the works that I
do, and he will do works greater than these, because I am going my way to the Father.
I now remember how much training I had received from the brothers.
It was easy to forget that I didn't always get things right at first.
Soon Ritchie was taken on more responsibility, and he told me something that I too once felt.
He just didn't realize how much work went into caring for Jehovah's sheep, but once
he knew, he was glad he offered himself willingly.